Sister Meng, if Shen Guiying leaves
You will regret it for the rest of your life
What is Fu Chuan doing?
Get out of the way, he's your biological mother you've been looking for for 20 years
I will never let you drive him away
Otherwise you will make a big mistake
I'm Meng Jie's mother
He pretended to be me and wanted to seize the Zhang family's property
Daughter, don't be deceived by them
That's enough!
Bucheon
I believe in you so much
You are for the property of the Zhang family
Don't try to kill me with an outsider
I'm so disappointed in you.
You will leave the Zhang family immediately with the turtle
I'll send you the divorce settlement
What? You want to divorce me?
If Bucheon leaves
There is no one around his daughter to help him anymore
You can't leave.
Bucheon did nothing wrong
He is sincere to you
It's all photography as a means of sowing discord
You can't believe it!
He will kill you
Shen Guiying
cool